Bro. it's no big deal. It's okay
being a mama's boy.
Are you going to shut up?
They killed his father
and we're next.
I'm 18 for crying out loud.
I haven't even been to Salou yet.
The life of the street is rock hard.
Then our alternative must
should be.
That's the only language they understand.
Bro. this is the only entry and exit.
They won't get away with this. you know.
Brothers.
I'm here for Romano's daughter.
- Romano's daughter?
Just tell him to
can get the typhoid.
Go to that hotel. Get Meltem
and don't come back without her.
Are you sure that's that location?
Pope is there.
Adil.
What are you doing? Where are you going?
How's it going?
- I just want to check with you on that.
Is that package in yet?
- How so?
Shit. I can't get hold of DHL. man.
Maybe they would have stopped by your place.
Bro. it's your cancer courier.
Why are you asking me about this?
Fuck. it was long overdue.
You know when you call me about this.
I get nervous. right?
And you know I don't
like nervous.
Bro. how long have you been nagging me
for a job?
Long. right? Now I give you a job
and call you with a headache. How so?
No stress. brother. I'll handle this.
Jesus. man. I'm getting a headache.
Who's there?
- Ro?
Bro?
- Who's there?
Why do you come into my room like this?
I wanted to ask you the same thing.
Why do you come into my house like this?
You come to me with those Mexicans
and say you want Amsterdam back.
Pope to get out of the way.
and that if we win the war in Amsterdam
for you. we will take over.
I believe you.
I love Amsterdam.
so I'll go with you.
But you bring me
only trouble.
Since I met you...
I lost a brother.
I lost good men
in that shooting...
And when I look for my niece.
I find one of my men
in her room like a dog.
You ask me to free your friend.
That's a big risk for me.
And where is Adil now?
I just found out that Zafer
has been taken hostage by Pope.
I know where he is.
Are you sure?
Because the other day you said that he doesn't stay
than a week in the same house.
It would be foolish
to give it away so easily.
Why should I trust you now?
Romano. I'm done with you.
You're of no use to me anymore.
Pope has offered me
offered a part of Amsterdam.
And you are my life insurance.
Don't be afraid.
I'm not going to kill you.
I only came here to
to tell you that our paths separate here.
Lock them up.
Ömer. I can explain everything.
Cancer mess.
Fuck.
This is your last chance.
You also can't do this.
Say it.
I'll just start the car. drive back to
the city and leave you there.
Then you can be the little rat there
that everyone mistakes you for.
Then you destroy everything
And Ibrahim died for nothing.
Okay.
And?
It wasn't easy.
but he's here.
Handsome work.
Then we can finally begin.
Rise and shine. boys.
You have slept long enough.
You make my head go deaf.
Nothing deaf.
Breakfast in ten minutes
in the main hall.
Too late is too late.
Standing up.
Hey. Hawk.
Where were you. sahbi?
Just...
Just gone for a while.
- What do you mean. away? You're just leaving us behind.
Tonnano still wants to
still want to kill us.
You think: I'll leave my mates alone.
they can sort that shit out themselves.
It doesn't work like that.
- Do you think the bulbous one will find you here?
You're here now. aren't you?
- Boys.
Take it easy.
Eat your bread.
Do you know the blue one or something?
I am not standing here for myself.
Believe me.
To feel good. standing in front of you
the last thing I would do.
I know you guys.
I have been you.
I know the streets you walk on
And the parcels you push.
You really haven't
haven't invented anything new.
Here. look at this picture.
Check him out very carefully.
Crooks.
This is Rachid.
He was buried in 2000.
He was the first to go.
Whole weeks we were devastated by it.
This is Ali.
who followed Rachid in 2001.
It was a hot summer.
His body was found
in the canal.
He was so swollen
that his family had to buy a coffin
that they normally bury
bury a 300-pound man in.
What are you laughing at?
This is Mo. who has...
who hanged himself
hanged himself in his cell in 2015.
This is Khalid. I visit him
on the first Monday of every month
For the rest of his life.
In fact. for years he has had
nothing to report.
But I'm afraid
that he's leaving Mo behind
If I don't visit him anymore.
Actually. I'm the only one of
the boys I grew up with
who can still tell about us.
I want you to think hard right now
about your own mattes.
How many of them have already
left in a coffin for Morocco?
If you don't start thinking
start thinking
On how to change your life.
I am sure that in ten years
one of you is standing in front of
a group of young boys.
That's the one
who got lucky.
Are you ready?
Three. two. one...
This is boring. man.
It's like school this.
In school you could still check out chickies.
This is one big ball pit.
You still haven't told us
where you were.
Just like that. you left us alone.
- Just like that?
Did your father just get killed too?
No. right?
Have you thought of any tactics
for your game?
Tactics?
We'll go over there. take those balls
and throw them at their heads.
Okay. boys. the winner stands.
The winner stays put?
So what do we win?
You think you're going to win a game and be champion
are champion. No friend. that's not how we work.
'Last team standing'.
only the last one gets a prize.
I'm getting too tired of this.
Penny. Hawk. come on.
We're going to show these guys
what dodgeball is all about.
Are you sure?
You're going to look like a fool. smurf.
I'm going to destroy you. Gargamel.
Listen. bros. we're gonna let them
those balls first.
Then they miss. we catch them.
then we destroy Gargamel's team.
Ready?
Stand up.
Everyone in their place.
Are you ready?
Three. two. one.
What's that bulging one doing now?
What did I say to you now?
Yallah. Stuiv. come.
Yallah. Hawk. come.
Focus. come.
Penny. get that ball fast.
Penny. yallah.
What are you doing?
- Nice. huh. on the ground?
Your girlfriend liked that too.
- What. girlfriend?
I have not forgotten you. mother's child.
What's your problem?
- Hey. hey. hey...
Act normal.
- Just wait. just wait.
Do you know him now? What was he talking about?
Just a nasty guest
from prison.
You are here with us.
- Do you understand? We are with you.
You think I'm afraid
of this guy?
Come on. play. play. will be fine.
My name is Aziz el Ghorfi.
I am 38 years old.
I am married.
I have two children
And I'm a jailer.
Sucker.
Police. Slave to justice.
I want to talk to you today
About sitting inside.
Which of you have
ever sat inside?
Yeah. right? Real men
have seat meat. brother.
Okay. okay.
How long?
- Four weeks.
Five months.
- Four months.
Three months.
Three weeks.
- Six months.
Okay. so...
you've all been in here
sat inside for about two years.
Two years.
That's a lot. guys.
for juvenile detention.
If you say so. Your Honor.
There is little funny about that.
What does prison
for you guys anyway?
Come on. guys.
Work with him for a while.
Yes?
- Vacation.
Villain University.
- Hotel.
Free gym.
- Networking. right?
Gym. hotel.
university. network.
I can tell you.
it's none of that.
A prison is concrete and steel.
Walls and bars around you.
It's me telling you
that you should go back to your cell
And who can drop in at any moment.
But prison is primarily
a system to break you.
I make my rounds every night
around the wards.
I can tell you:
Sooner or later....
I hear howling. from every cell.
Also from the cells of big names.
Names you know.
What. big names?
Then name them.
Prison always wins.
Those walls drive you crazy.
The stupid thing is. you can
walk out of that prison.
but you don't forget those walls.
And even if you do forget them.
then your neighbor won't forget them....
Or the boss you want to apply to.
the woman you meet...
You know who she doesn't forget at all?
Your mother. yes.
Justice.
- Bro. what justice.
You will all soon have
a cross after your name.
Boys. calm down a bit.
Slow down.
Keep your mouth shut.
I put my son
put under the ground.
He would have turned 17.
You are so selfish that you do not
see what we are doing here for you.
This man is standing here in his spare time.
He could have been sitting with his wife and children
sitting. But he is standing here. in front of you.
Show a little respect.
Okay.
I am very curious....
Or the guys who are here.
who have sat.
can tell me anything about that time?
A difficult period.
Maybe a low point.
It may be anything.
That I had to miss that whore from North.
Yes?
- I've been in juvenile detention.
We weren't allowed anything there.
Pussy visitation. visitation on the cell. everything.
But you told me something
about men crying.
With me there was also something like that.
but it was a very little boy.
That one cried a lot.
He cried in the morning. in the evening.
when he was making his bread.
Do you know why?
For his mother's sake.
Little boy.
Yo. yo. okay. guys.
time for a smoke break.
It has been enough.
Muffle it all.
Let's go smoke.
I really don't understand you.
You have nothing to do with it.
Please take care of yourself.
Just do what we agreed to do.
I'm really getting sick of this guy.
I don't know what his problem is.
I never thought
that they would be so rotten.
These guys are full of poison.
This is cold turkey.
The whole situation takes getting used to for them.
What did you think? They come in here
walked in and changed?
This was the plan. bro.
and the plan was right.
The boys now think
that they are in control of us.
That they are in charge of us. Let them
think that. That's just right.
Hey. Gerroe.
Picked up off the street by your sister?
Shut up.
- She's going to give you packages.
Ewa. boys.
It was boring without you guys.
Oh yeah?
I heard you did a crack
with Long Moot?
That tip was bad. man.
There was nothing there.
Dead shit. Kifesh.
Cigarette?
What is this nursery?
I'm in touch with the justice system.
Not about this.
they don't know anything about this.
But I think it's time.
If we don't...
Otherwise. this disaster will never end.
- I don't know. though. It's risky.
We really need to
think about that. Hajar.
I was thinking. if there are a few
guys are willing to talk.
They know a lot. don't they.
Probably more than we think.
It's tricky. though.
It's still too early for that.
Those boys have to trust us.
Talking to justice goes a long way. Hajar.
come on.
Look. put your thumb on this...
then you go with the blade like this
backwards. bit by bit.
Where do you guys know lbo from?
Just from the square.
How about you?
Same. man.
Which square? Near us?
I've never seen you there.
Do you work in the parks department?
Do you know all these little squares or something?
I don't blame you guys.
- What?
That lbo is dead.
It's not your fault.
I understand perfectly well
how these things go.
You want new shoes. expensive clothes.
Then someone comes up to you and asks
if you want to take something somewhere.
Before you know it. you have
a month's salary in your hands.
That's how it goes. right?
- Don't you feel guilty?
Every day. I wish I could have given him
been able to give him everything.
But that's not how these things work.
Do you know who is really guilty?
Those guys you send into town
To spread that shit.
that put your first money in your hand.
I don't understand why you guys
those guys in protection.
They deserve the punishment here.
not you. not us.
Who is your boss?
Who gives you the assignments?
You can tell me.
We are not snitches.
Do you think anything is ever going to
change in your life?
If you want to take on those men.
then I wish you luck.
What is your problem?
My problem? Do I have a problem?
Mietje.
Sit back and eat.
Just no pussy jokes now. man.
Take it easy.
I said. take it easy.
What are you doing. man?
Just no pussy jokes now.
Hassan?
Go on and eat.
I don't want any bullshit. man.
Hey. faggot. I'm here. Come.
Faggot.
So get it.
- Gerroe. Gerroe.
Get out of the way. Calm down.
What are you doing?
What are you doing. mattie? Act normal.
- Why don't you do something?
What do you do? Stay calm.
Are you crazy or something?
What are you doing man.
what are you doing?
Listen. keep your cool.
You'll only make more trouble.
Do you guys hear that?
Nothing.
You don't hear anything here. sahbi.
I know such tranquility only from the Reef.
The world is actually
a very beautiful place.
But that's hard to see
from where we come from.
Sometimes. when I think about it.
just zoom out...
I can suddenly see it.
God be praised.
Where do you feel at home?
Do you feel at home here?
I could never feel at home anywhere.
You can't when you're
growing up everywhere and nowhere.
Yes. on the street I felt at home. but
look what it got me.
Now I sit here with two drerries
in a forest in Holland
Who want to finish each other off.
Instead of living in a villa
overlooking the Atlas.
You can also feel out of place
if you've never had the feeling
that someone in this world is waiting for you
Or cares about you.
But look around you now.
All this here. is your home.
The world is yours. right?
Bro. the world is what you do with it.
If you break things.
then your own world is broken too.
Are you making things.
then you're making your own world.
Anyway...
I want you to give each other
to shake hands right now.
Whatever happened between you.
it stays here.
If not. I'll put you
in the car tomorrow morning.
we drive straight
to a police station and then...
Then I don't know anymore either.
you leave me no choice.
Ewa. is there going to be anything?
Should I start counting to three?
Hey. hey. finally. Now it's settled.
Was that so hard?
And?
- Nothing. man.
Boys. I tell you honestly.
I don't know how long I'm gonna stay.
Do you think he's going to act normal?
I don't know.
All I know is that I'm
paranoid about this place.
I nicked this one. Put it
under your pillow.
If he acts difficult. you stab him.
Put it away.
What's happening?
Yo. boys. can I have your attention for a moment?
All of you over there and gather around.
Let's go.
Let's go. boys. All of them.
You too. moven.
What is this?
- Just grab it and listen.
I was just sitting at home.
I hadn't heard from
I hadn't heard from James in a few days.
That wasn't surprising. I'd had a bad relationship with my son for a few years now.
a bad relationship with my son.
I was reading a book
when the bell rang.
That was kind of crazy.
because it was already eleven o'clock at night.
Who's calling
at your door at eleven o'clock?
I opened the door and there were
two Dutchmen at my door.
That was even crazier.
Because there are never any Dutchmen
at our flat.
When it does happen. it is actually
always for bad news.
The first thing they asked .
was if I was Glenn Rustveld.
Then they introduced themselves.
Their names I will
never forget.
They did indeed come
with bad news.
A young man was found
in a dumpster.
Maybe I had read about it in
the news. they asked.
That man was identified
as James Rustveld.
My James...
found in a dumpster.
They asked if I wanted to go to him.
Although they also gave an immediate warning.
James had clearly been the victim
of a violent crime.
He was lying there just like
like in a movie...
under a white sheet.
in a cold room.
When they pulled the sheet away.
I got the feeling
that reminded me most
of the feeling I got
when I first held him
in my arms.
But then the most negative.
darkest version of it.
As if everything disappears
into a hole without a bottom.
I was allowed to take James with me
and that's how I ended up with Habib.
While we were washing James
were. we got to talking.
He told me about you guys.
Chaib. can you help me?
I want you to see with your own eyes
where street life ends.
It occurred to me that I actually
lost him years ago.
When I thought that I couldn't help him anymore
help him and he had to do it himself.
I want to ask you to help James
get through this night...
watch over him.
I am now going to be silent for one minute.
In that minute. I want to ask you
to think of your parents.
Try to imagine
That they are standing by your coffin.
Wait. don't run away. Zakaria. Sit down.
Sorry. but I'm not going to do this.
- Shut the fuck up.
Listen. man.
Show a little respect.
Thank you.
Thank you so much. Glenn. I want to say a huge
thank you for your strength and your courage.
I hope you guys can have the respect
to do this for James.
You don't all have to
stay awake.
Go to sleep if you want to.
Just make sure that there is always
someone is watching over James. Okay?
You have to do this together.
Bro. get real.
- Sorry. man. I couldn't resist.
Are you out of your mind?
I had to check.
- Sit down. sit down. sit down. Please behave yourself.
Take it easy man.
Sit down. chubby.
I'm getting psychic with you.
To whom do you say. convex?
- Talk to your boy about crying.
What do you come to talk to me about. retard.
Do you want to end up in a coffin like that too?
- Me. end up in a coffin?
Fucking faggot.
- That mattie of yours.
Don't touch me. buddy.
- Brother. get a grip. Sit down.
We're not going to fight near a dead body.
Talk to that mattie of yours.
- Brother. sit down.
Please help me.
Is it straight?
Get real. man.
Open that door.
Are you guys deaf or something?
What is it?
Why is that door closed?
- What do you want?
Let me piss.
Also escaped from that corpse?
Hello?
This is creepy. man.
Say something. sahbi.
Listen. dickhead.
You are going to tell me
who supplied you with those drugs.
Who your boss is.
I'm done with this tough talk of yours.
You're going to tell me now.
I need to know who took lbo
fucked up.
It's not that hard. Yes or no?
I can't hear you. Yes or no?
Okay.
What do you say?
Tonnano.
Tonnano?
He's the one who gave us that shit
has given us to push.
Relax. you did a good job.
You've done well.
What happened?
What do you mean?
- My father.
I'll tell you about that later.
- No. I want to know now.
Okay.
We were at the community center
for a meeting.
Me. Chaib. Hajar...
So did Habib and Dalil.
Your father was very upset.
He was having a hard time with you
and the things that had
had happened.
When he calmed down.
he wanted to go home.
Then he was shot in front of
the door.
What did you have to discuss?
What do you think we
had to discuss. Zakaria?
You. of course. What else would we
else should we be talking about?
It was over immediately.
Your father did not suffer.
Let's make sure this stops.
We'll talk more tomorrow.
What did you do to me?
Did you tell on my father?
Clicker. You did it.
Get it.
Then take it. do it.
Come on. get up.
Act normal.
Stab that traitor.
Gerroe. Gerroe. Clicker.
Soufiane. stay here. Soufiane.
Soufiane stay here.
Do you actually have any news
from Antwerp from Ashraf?
All is quiet there. brother.
Belgica has arranged it well.
All of that port is his.
Here we go again.
You have something that is mine.
And you have something of mine.
That seems like a good basis
to do business.
About the passing of your brother...
condolences.
But I swear to you that we
had nothing to do with it.
I'm sorry to have
business.
I hope this makes you happy.
Fantastic.
Now what?
Warriors.
Now I want you to bring me Romano
and those Mexicans who belong to him....
And that Moroccan.
Bring them to me. in one piece.
Can you arrange that?
No. man.
Let him rot here.
I want Zafer back.
and I want the deal with Tia Alvarez.
Then we have an agreement.